have you ever been to a bath-house?
what is your middle name?
who at this table are you crushing on?
If you could be invisible, what’s the first thing you would do?
What’s a secret you kept from your parents?
What’s the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What’s one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What’s your biggest regret?
If you had to only ever watch rom coms or only watch scary movies for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
Where is the weirdest place you ve ever gone to the bathroom?
What’s the most food you ve ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
What excuse have you used before to get out plans?
What s the longest you ve ever slept?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What s your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a deserted island?
Which is your favorite Hollywood Chris? Chris Evans, Chris Pratt, Chris Hemsworth or Chris Pine?
What s the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you know?
What animal do you think you most look like that s not your fursona?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What s the longest time you ve ever gone without showering?
What s the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you had to change your name, what would your new first name be?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What s your biggest fear?
What s one silly thing you can t live without?
What is the weirdest trend you ve ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
If you had to wear only flip flops or heels for the next 10 years, which would you choose?
What’s an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What s the worst physical pain you ve ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What s your favorite part of your body?
If you could only accomplish three things in life, what would they be?
What s the weirdest thing you ve ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the worst date you ve ever been on.
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What s the strangest dream you ve ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a love interest?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Name one thing you’d do if you knew there’d be zero consequences.
When’s the last time you said you were sorry? For what?
Do you pee in the shower?
Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve secretly done to get a crush’s attention?
What’s the most random thing in your bag right now?
Have you ever sent a sext?
What’s the last movie that made you cry?
What’s the last thing you Googled?
When’s the last time you got caught in a lie?
What gross smell do you actually enjoy?
Who was the last person you said  I love you” to?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
If you were handed $1,000 right now, what would you spend it on?
Who’s your celebrity  hall pass” if you were to meet that person while in a relationship?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
What unexpected part of the body do you find attractive?
What’s the most awkward thing you’ve ever been caught doing?
Have you ever flirted with a close friend’s sibling?
What was your first concert?
If you had the choice to never have to sleep again, would you take it?
If you had to get a tattoo today, what would it be?
Even if you’d be paid $1 million for it, what’s something you would never do?
If you could travel to the past and meet one person, who would it be?
What popular music artist do you secretly hate?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Name your go-to karaoke song.
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
When have you been in the most trouble in school?
If you had to always be overdressed or underdressed, which would you choose?
Who would you cast as you in the movie version of your life?
Who at this table is most likely to be arrested for furry crimes?
Who at this table do you think has the worst avatar?
Which player at this table would you choose to be stranded on a deserted island with and why?
 Fuck, Marry, Kill  with the players next to and directly across from you.
Name 10 body parts that your S.O. likes to kiss
Name 10 items you bought but regretted buying and never used
Describe the most embarrassing moment of your life
Have you ever been suspended or gotten detention in school? Why?
Have you ever sexted someone you shouldn’t?
When the song have you checked your butthole plays, whose butthole are you hoping has been checked to get used?
Give a shot to the avatar that you want to spend 7 minutes in heaven with. Take a shot if they feel the same way about your avatar.
Have you checked your butthole? Skeedap Badap take a shot
Someone has been drinking too much. Bless someone with a hydrate
You’ve been knotted. Pick a canine in the room. Whenever they drink, so do you.
Knotted by a Derg! Pick a Derg in the room to drink whoever you drink.
Be petty! Take a drink of water and give someone else 2 shots
Short tails drink
Long tails drink
Bottoms revenge! Every bottom give a drink
Tops Revenge! Every top give a drink
Switching it up! All switches give out 1 drink to 2 people.
